**Question 1**

**What is KOHO?**

It's a bit like a chequing account, with the perks of a credit card.
Think of KOHO as a tool to help you reach your goals faster and spend
your money on things you like, rather than things -- like, say, credit
card interest or surprise fees -- that you don't.

Just like a chequing account, you can put money into your KOHO account
and then spend that money however you see fit. (We like snacks and
vacations.) And like a credit card, in that we offer cash back and other
perks, plus you can use it anywhere Visa is accepted.

**Question 2**

The key difference is that unlike a credit card, it's
already *your* money---there's no interest to pay, and the funds on your
card are, well \... all yours. And unlike pretty much everyone with just
a regular bank-issued credit card, the average KOHO user
actually *reduces* their overall spending, and saves 7% of whatever
money they load into their account.

The long and short of it is that KOHO makes it easier (even, dare we
say, fun) to manage your spending and savings habits.

### **Question 3**

It's pretty simple: you add funds to your KOHO account either
through e-Transferring from your regular bank account or by having your
work's payroll deposit your paycheque directly (Direct Deposit). Then,
you use your KOHO card, either in person or online, to make purchases,
just like you would with debit or credit. And then you can use your KOHO
app to look at your spending and saving habits and create
easy-to-execute Savings Goals.

You can use your KOHO card for anything you might use Visa for, like a
gym membership or trying out that buzzy new fusion tapas place. The card
is a reloadable prepaid Visa, and we run on the Visa network, so for
merchants your card acts just like a normal credit card transaction, but
for you it acts just like a debit card with cash back.

Using our truly stellar app, you can see how you're spending your money
at a glance, watch your cash back (which we call PowerUps) accumulate,
and set up RoundUps on your purchases to painlessly stash a little money
away.

You can also create clear Savings Goals, which sets up an automatic
savings system to make it easier to jet off to Lisbon for a week, or be
ready for that hot new sneaker drop, or whatever else it is that makes
you happy.
